>> GUILTY OF MURDER IN THE FIRST
DEGREE.
>> Reporter: TWO MOTHERS, BOTH
SOBBING IN COURT.
THE LIVES OF EACH OF THEIR SONS
FOREVER CHANGED IN DIFFERENT
WAYS AS A JURY FINDS FORMER
PATRIOTS TIGHT END AARON
HERNANDEZ GUILTY OF MURDERING
ODIN LLOYD.
>> MY HEART STOP BEATING.
>> Reporter: LLOYD'S MOTHER,
URSULA WARD, SAYING SHE'S
FORGIVEN THOSE INVOLVED IN HER
SON'S MOTHER, HIS BODY FOUND IN
A PIT IN AN INDUSTRIAL PARK.
>> I PRAY AND HOPE THAT SOMEDAY
EVERYONE OUT THERE WILL FORGIVE
MY SON'S MURDERERS.
>> Reporter: TERRY HERNANDEZ
WEEPING.
HERNANDEZ'S FIANCEE, SHAYANNA
JENKINS, IS THE SISTER OF THE
VICTIM'S GIRLFRIEND.
HERNANDEZ SITTING DOWN AFTER THE
VERDICT IS READ, HIS FACE
EMOTIONLESS.
DEFENSE ATTORNEYS MAINTAINING
THE RISING FOOTBALL STAR WOULD
NEVER KILL HIS FRIEND ODIN
LLOYD.
>> AARON HERNANDEZ WAS PLANNING
A FUTURE, NOT A MURDER.
>> YOU'RE COMMITTED FOR THE TERM
OF YOUR NATURAL LIFE.
>> Reporter: HERNANDEZ FOUND
GUILTY ON THREE COUNTS,
FIRST-DEGREE MURDER AND TWO
WEAPONS CHARGES.
SENTENCED TO LIFE BEHIND BARS.
>> IN MY OPINION, THE FIREARM
SHOWN IN THE VIDEO STILL IS A
GLOCK PISTOL.
>> Reporter: BUT THE GUN USED TO
KILL LLOYD HAS NEVER BEEN FOUND.
SURVEILLANCE VIDEO SHOWING
HERNANDEZ CARRYING WHAT IS
BELIEVED TO BE A GLOCK PISTOL IN
HIS HOME THE NIGHT OF THE
MURDER, STILL JURORS SAY THEY
FEEL CONFIDENT WITH THEIR
VERDICT.
>> GOING BY THE LAW, WE DIDN'T
NEED THE MURDER WEAPON.
>> HE WAS A 23-YEAR-OLD KID WHO
HAD WITNESSED SOMETHING, A
SHOCKING KILLING, COMMITTED BY
SOMEBODY HE KNEW.
>> Reporter: CLOSING ARGUMENTS
TAKING A TWIST WHEN THE DEFENSE
HINTS THAT HERNANDEZ SAW A CRIME
BUT THAT HE DIDN'T DO IT,
PINNING IT ON HIS FRIENDS,
EARNEST WALLACE AND CARLOS
ORTIZ, HIGH ON PCP, WHO THE
DEFENSE SAYS COMMITTED THE
MURDER.
BOTH ARE SCENE ON SURVEILLANCE
VIDEO WITH HERNANDEZ BEFORE AND
AFTER LLOYD'S MURDER.
THEY PLEADED NOT GUILTY AND ARE
BEING TRIED SEPARATELY.
PROSECUTORS ARGUE HERNANDEZ WAS
NOT AN INNOCENT BYSTANDER.
>> HE'S THE ONE WHO THEN
CONTROLS THE TIME OF THE KILLING
OUTSIDE THE CAR AND THEN
EFFECTUATES THE PLAN FOR THE
ESCAPE.
>> Reporter: HERNANDEZ'S MOTHER
AND FIANCEE